Add prevent_user_existence_errors to cognito user pool client. (#11604)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/cognito_user_pool_client.markdown

* `generate_secret` - (Optional) Should an application secret be generated.
* `logout_urls` - (Optional) List of allowed logout URLs for the identity providers.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the application client.

> * `prevent_user_existence_errors` - (Optional, Default: ENABLED) How should Cognito APIs handle errors when a user does not exist in the user pool (LEGACY, ENABLED).

Reviewer: Due to schema removal of `Default` and we should explain the difference of these two values by using the documentation present API reference.

```suggestion
* `prevent_user_existence_errors` - (Optional) Choose which errors and responses are returned by Cognito APIs during authentication, account confirmation, and password recovery when the user does not exist in the user pool. When set to `ENABLED` and the user does not exist, authentication returns an error indicating either the username or password was incorrect, and account confirmation and password recovery return a response indicating a code was sent to a simulated destination. When set to `LEGACY`, those APIs will return a `UserNotFoundException` exception if the user does not exist in the user pool.
```
